{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 ProximaNova-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 ProximaNova-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red66\green70\blue76;\red81\green86\blue93;\red81\green86\blue93;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c32549\c34510\c37255;\csgenericrgb\c31765\c33725\c36471;\csgenericrgb\c31765\c33725\c36471;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19620\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Project 2:
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Time to combine all your knowledge from this class and make one beautiful a** project!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 ATTENTION! Please download resources ASAP since I had to send through a WeTransfer due to file size! WeTransfer will expire soon!\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}This is a two week project!\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Use the provided resources to recreate the Poke Bowl website. If done right, this will be a solid portfolio piece but at the very least an amazing panel piece to showcase what you\'92ve learned in this class!\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Use CSS Grid where it makes sense. This can be across the entire page or just during certain sections. I\'92d like to see a minimum of two grids that change as the browser resizes.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Optimize the provided images to keep page load to a minimum. Use the techniques learned (lazy loading, srcset\'85) to achieve this.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Add the transitions shown in the demo videos but also add at least 1 other transition of your own.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}As usual, the page must be fully responsive. Please use Sass in your CSS.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Submit a link to your GitHub repo. \cf2 \
}