{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 ProximaNova-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19620\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Expand upon the product page you made in Week 2.\
\
- Make sure to create a new branch for your changes here, something like \'93Added xy styling component\'94.\
\
- You must add or alter content to demonstrate what we learned about transitions and backgrounds. At a minimum:\
\
- Use a background image in a creative way. The simplest route to go would be layering multiple background images or using blend modes to tint one. Take a shot at using a property you haven't used before.\
\
- Use CSS transitions to create an animation sequence that reveals/hides some of your page's content. You should use a hover state or class name change to trigger transitions on multiple elements. This can be anything from a nav bar expanding to complex decorative effects or revealing more text when hovering over each price tier. Also note that this means no CSS keyframe animations, and no javascript animation. This is intended to demonstrate that you have solid control over the transition properties.\
\
- Add some SVG icons, whether they are social media icons or others used to enhance your price tier designs. Look to FontAwesome or similar for sourcing some generic and well-optimized icons.\
\
- As usual, the page must be fully responsive. I'd also like to see usage of Sass and BEM.\
\
- Submit a link to your GitHub repo.}